post: fondation rero+ (#48)
rero/rero21.ch: content/post/la-fondation-rero-est-nee.en.md

- __Funding:__ RERO+ is funded exclusively through the sale of its services. 

- __Activities:__ As has been the case for about two years, RERO+ will focus on the continued development and maintenance of its core services: the next generation library system RERO ILS and digital content management with SONAR. These software and respective services will evolve with the needs of their customers, whose circle will expand across Switzerland.

- __Missions:__ Evolving with the activities, the missions also cover a wider scope. RERO+ aims to promote the dissemination of knowledge, in particular through libraries, without geographical limitations. Moreover, as a foundation, RERO+ does not pursue any profit-making goal.

## What remains

- __The RERO+ team:__ It remains essentially the same, with its extensive experience and cohesion; it does not undergo major organizational changes.

> - __The partners:__ The collaboration with [institutions using RERO ILS](/en/reroils/early_adopters/) (*go-live* on July 12) and SONAR (production version available) continues and intensifies, the team of the [Catholic University of Louvain](https://uclouvain.be/) in Belgium remains involved in the RERO ILS development project. Finally, RERO+ continues to cooperate with several actors of the library and information community in Switzerland and abroad, including [SLSP](https://slsp.ch), the [Swiss National Library](https://www.nb.admin.ch/), [ABES](https://abes.fr/) and the [French National Library](https://www.bnf.fr/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __The partners:__ The collaboration with continues and intensifies, with the [58 libraries using RERO ILS](/en/reroils/migration2021-libraries/) (*go-live* on July 12), the institutions using SONAR (production version available) as well as the team of the [Catholic University of Louvain](https://uclouvain.be/) in Belgium which maintains its involvement in the RERO ILS development project. Finally, RERO+ continues to cooperate with several actors of the library and information community in Switzerland and abroad, including [SLSP](https://slsp.ch), the [Swiss National Library](https://www.nb.admin.ch/), [ABES](https://abes.fr/) and the [French National Library](https://www.bnf.fr/).
```
